首先 生活可能并不轻松 尤其是当你鱼与熊掌都想要时（The first of which is 首先的是）

The first of which is life can be heavy, especially if you try to carry it all at once.

成长并进入人生新篇章的一部分 是关于抓住与放手

Part of growing up and moving into new chapters of your life is about catch and release.

我的意思是 知道哪些东西要抓劳 哪些东西要放手

What I mean by that is knowing what things to keep and what things to release.

你不能把所有事情都放在心上

You can't carry all things

想好什么事情是绝对不能放手的 剩下的就顺其自然吧

Decide what is yours to hold and let the rest go.

通常生活中美好的事务更轻松 所以有更多的空间可以留住美好

Oftentimes the good things in your life are lighter anyway,so there's more room for them.

而一段糟糕的关系会挤走很多美妙而简单的快乐

One toxic relationship can outweigh so many wonderful simple joys.

你可以自主选择用哪些事情来填充生活的时间和空间

You get to pick what your life has time and room for.

你要有辨识能力

Be discerning.

其次 学会与尴尬共处

Secondly, learn to live alongside cringe.

无论你多么努力地避免它 你还是会不可避免地陷入过往的尴尬之中

No matter how hard you try to avoid being cringe, you will look back on your life and cringe retrospectively.

尴尬会不可避免地伴随你终生

Cringe is unavoidable over a lifetime.

甚至“尴尬”这个词未来也可能变成令人尴尬的用语

Even the term cringe might someday be deemed cringe.

我可以保证 你现在可能就正在做或者穿一些以后回想起来会让你自己觉得恶心和好笑的事或衣服

I promise you, you're probably doing or wearing something right now that you will look back on later and find revolting and hilarious.

既然无法避免 那干脆接受它吧

You can't avoid it,so don't try to.

比如我曾经有一段时间 在整个2012年 我穿得像一个20世纪50年代的家庭主妇
（phase：阶段）（two thousand and twelve）（one thousand nine hundred and fifty）
For example, I had a phase where for the entirety of 2012, I dressed like a 1950s house housewife. 

但是你们知道么 我那个时候很快乐

But you know what? I was having fun.

潮流和过往都令人快乐

Trends and phases are fun.

如今的回忆和自嘲也都令人快乐

Looking back and laughing is fun.

我们经常为了一些事情而难为情 但其实很没必要

And while we're talking about things that make us squirm,but really shouldn't.

我想在此大力倡导大家 不要刻意隐藏你对一件事的热情

I'd like to say I’m a big advocate for not hiding your enthusiasm for things.

永远不要为自己的努力而感到羞耻

Never be ashamed of trying.

不劳而获只是神话

Effortlessness is a myth. 

我的一切行为都围绕着这样一个想法 错误等于失败 最终 犯错会让我失去所有快乐以及有意义的生活

It was all centered around the idea that mistakes equal failure, and ultimately ,the loss of any chance at a happy or rewarding life.

但我的真实生活不是这样的

This has not been my experience.

我的真实经历是 我犯的错误给我带来了一生中最美好的事情

My experience has been that my mistakes led to the best things in my life.

因为搞砸一件事而感到尴尬

And being embarrassed when you mess up...

这是人之常情

It's part of the human experience.

跌倒了就站起来 掸去身上的灰尘 看看还有谁仍然陪伴在你身边 然后一笑了之

Getting back up, dusting yourself off and seeing who still wants to hang out with you afterward and laugh about it.

这明明是一份礼物

That's a gift. 

以前有很多次 我都被拒绝 或没有入围 没有被选中 没有赢 没有达到标准

The times I was told “no” or wasn't included,wasn't chosen,didn't win, didn't make the cut.

回顾过去 我真的觉得 那些失败就算比不上成功 但对我来说也同样重要
（crucial：决定性的）
Looking back, it really feels like those moments were as important，if not more crucial than the moments I was told “yes”.

在家乡 没有被邀请参加排队或留宿聚会 让我感到无可救药的孤独

Not be invited to the parties and sleepovers in my hometown made me feel hopelessly lonely.

但正是因为这份孤独 让我坐在我的房间里写歌 这些歌让我获得了通往其他地方的门票

But because I felt alone, I would sit in my room and write the songs that would get me a ticket somewhere else.

纳什维尔唱片公司高管告诉我 只有35岁的家庭主妇才会听乡村音乐 他们不可能签约一个13岁的孩子 那天回家路上 我在车里没有忍住眼泪
（executives：经理，Having label ：拥有品牌，roster：名册）
Having label executives in Nashville tell me that only 35 year old housewives listen to country music, and there was no place for a 13-year-old on their roster, made me cry in the car on the way home.

但是后来我把歌发表在了MySpace上

But then I post my songs on my MySpace.

是的 MySpace

And yes, MySpace.

我和像我一样热爱乡村音乐的青少年交流 但当时并没有歌曲能唱出他们的心声

And I would message with other teenagers like me who loved country music,but just didn't have anyone singing from their perspective.

在年轻的时候被一次又一次地公开羞辱 是极其痛苦的

Being publicly humiliated over and over again at a young age was excruciatingly painful.

但我也因此学会淡然接受那些荒谬的  无时无刻不在变化的社会交往和所谓的人气
（devalue：贬低，ridi culous：荒谬的，notion：概念，ever：曾经，fluctuate：波动，relevance：关联，likability：讨人喜欢 人气）
But it forced me to devalue the ridiculous notion of, minute by minute, ever fluctuate social relevance and likability.

我知道我听起来像一个完美的乐观主义者 但我真的不是
(consummate:完美的)
I know I sound like a consummate optimist, but i'm really not.

我也总是迷茫
（perspective：观点）
I lose perspective all the time.

有时候我感觉一切都毫无意义

Sometimes everything just feels completely pointless.

在你的生活中 你不可避免地会说错话、相信错误的人、反应太慢、反应过度、伤害不应该被伤害的人、思虑太多、掉以轻心、自暴自弃，幻想一个以你自己为中心的世界，毁掉自己和他人的美好时光，否认过错、不思悔改，感到内疚，任凭内疚侵蚀内心，跌倒谷底，最后为你一手造成的痛苦负责
（inevitably：不可避免的，deserve：值得，sabotage：破坏，reality：现实， experience exists：经验存在，ruin perfectly:完美的废墟，deny：否认）
In your life,you will inevitably misspeak, trust the wrong person,underreact, overreact, hurt the people who didn't deserve it,overthink, not think at all,self sabotage,create a reality where only your experience exists, ruin perfectly good moments for yourself and others,deny any wrongdoing,not take the steps to make it right,feel very guilty,let the guilt eat at you,hit rock bottom,finally, address the pain you caused

我开诚布公地说

And I'm not gonna lie.

这些错误会让你失去很多东西

These mistakes will cause you to lose things.

我想告诉你们的是 失去不仅仅意味着失去

I'm trying to tell you that losing things doesn't just mean losing.

很多时候 我们失去的同时也可以有收获

A lot of the time, when we lose things, we gain things too.

现在你们即将离开学校条条框框 规划自己的道路

Now you leave the structure and framework of school and chart your own path.

你做的每一个选择都会导致下一个选择 如此滚雪球般往复不断

Every choice you make leads to the next choice which leads to the next.

我知道 该走哪条路是个艰难的抉择

And I know it's hard to know which path to take.

生活中会有一些时候 你需要为自己挺身而出
（will be times 会有的）
There will be times in life where you need to stand up for yourself.

有时候 正确的做法是让步和道歉 有时候 正确的做法是抗争到底  有时候 走为上策    有时候 正确的做法是全力以赴地坚持  有时候则是优雅地放手
(grace:优雅)
Times when the right thing is actually to back down and apologize, times when the right thing is to fight, times when the right thing is to turn and run,times to hold on with all you have, times to let go with grace.  

有时候 正确的做法是以进步和改革的名义  抛弃旧的思想
（in the name of ：以什么的名义，thought：想法）
Sometimes the right thing to do is to throw out the old schools of thought in the name of progress and reform.

有时候 正确的做法是乖乖坐好 聆听先辈的智慧

Sometimes the right thing to do is to sit and listen to the wisdom of those who have come before us.

在关键时刻 你怎么知道什么是正确的选择呢？

How will you know what the right choice is in these crucial moments?

你不能

You won't.

我怎么能为这么多人给出人生建议呢？

How do I give advice to this many people about their life choices? 

我不能

I won't.

坏消息是 现在开始你要靠自己了

The scary news is you're on your own now.

但好消息也是 现在开始你可以靠自己了

But the cool news is you're on your own now.

我们被本能、直觉 还有欲望、恐惧、伤疤和梦想所影响着
（gut instincts：本能，肠道，本能；intuition：直觉，）
We are led by our gut instincts,our intuition, our desires and fears,our scars and our dreams.

你有时会搞砸一切 我也会

And you will screw it up sometimes,so will I.

不管怎样 我们的确会遇到许多困难 但我们可以走出来 可以吸取教训 可以因此变得更加坚韧 只要我们还有幸活着
（resilient：有弹性的，坚韧，as long as：只要）
Anyway, hard things what happened to us,we will recover, we will learn from it,we will grow more resilient because of it,and as long as we are fortunate enough to be breathing.